A client approached me with an offer: craft a website and equip it with a user-friendly CMS for easy editing. The initial suggestion was to go with the old faithful, WordPress. However, my past encounters with it had left me cold, and I wasn't exactly thrilled to use in. So, I presented an ultimatum: I'd tackle this project only if I could opt for a more contemporary solution. After some back-and-forth, they agreed. And that's when I stumbled upon the world of headless CMS and Strapi. Thankly, it's light years ahead of its predecessor, WordPress.

Things I've learned along the way:

1. **Deploying Strapi while keeping your expenses in check and ensuring quick response times – that's a puzzle**. Here's a trick I came up with: deploy it as a serverless app; this way, you don't need to rent an entire VM, keeping the costs in check. But, as always a new issue arises – the instance goes down if no one's using it, and starting the container takes a bit too long. The users won't be happy waiting for content to pop up... So I used a tool called betteruptime. It's designed to keep a watch on your website's uptime. So, I devised a clever workaround – made a custom config and have it ping some inconsequential endpoint of the Strapi API every five minutes. This keeps the instance awake, never shutting it down, and guarantees fast response times. The cherry on top? It's nearly cost-free, unless the users start hammer it with many requests.

2. **It turns out that WordPress-like solutions are like relics from a long gone era when it comes to the way things are constructed today**. They just don't work with the current methods of engineering and web development. It's time to bid them adieu, I think.
