My job was to build fraud/scam detection models (basically, keep fighting new fraud tactics and try to keep the damage inflicted as low as possible). As a newcomer to the field, I was immediately struck by how messy and uncertain real-world data can be ([a classic in the field](https://external-preview.redd.it/gEOa_rk0tKWUdzrbu7CylfvbJ3wRVTwkT1BjbPfu7UY.jpg?auto=webp&s=0e4addf4322bbfe243cb4a46faaa21f373b37929) 😁). Despite this challenge, I was given significant autonomy to pursue my work and devised a plan that involved:

1. **Establish metrics and build dashboards to monitor key performance indicators** (including model performance over time).
2. **Build fraud/scam detection models** using established techniques such as random forests and logistic regressions, while also experimenting with novel approaches like variational autoencoders, ensemble models, and models that auto-retrain themselves regularly. I also improved feature creation and selection algorithms by generating as many features as possible and selecting the most useful ones using algorithms.
3. **Patch the models by introducing hand-crafted rules.** A quick fix to address newly emerging, small fraud/scam patterns. I was proud to have automated this process by creating a custom random forest model that outputs simple rule suggestions (tree nodes).

Learning from and collaborating with experienced colleagues while enjoying the freedom to experiment and try out new ideas was fun. I also gained valuable insights into how banks combat fraud/scam and how to write better code. For my archievements, **I was recognized as a WU Way Star winner 🏆**, which is essentially [the employee of the month](https://youtu.be/BFs2DNJavio?t=68).
